Added Club operations lead (#17)
hackclub/jobs: directory/club-operations-lead.md

## Hack Club is hiring a Club Operations Lead.

> **Find purpose and passion by supporting technical teens with your customer service and management skills. **As the liaison between teens leading their own after-school Hack Clubs and Hack Club's amazing resources, you'll play a vital role in Hack Club's nonprofit mission to support high school coders in starting coding clubs, hackathons, and building awesome projects.
> 
> - **Build relationships, follow up, and provide outstanding customer service**
> - Fun, fast-growing nonprofit tech startup
> - Potential for growth!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hack Club is where 16,000+ teenage programmers talk, build, and have fun together. We do crazy things like [hosting AMAs](https://hackclub.com/amas/) with Elon Musk and running [the world's longest hackathon on a train](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BID8_pGuqA).

We are looking for a person to support technical teens with their customer service and management skills.

In this role, you would be the liaison between teens leading their own after-school Hack Clubs and Hack Club's amazing resources. You'll play a vital role in Hack Club's nonprofit mission to support high school coders in starting coding clubs, hackathons, and building awesome projects.

[Visit this job on our website](https://hackclub.com/jobs/club-operations-lead/) for more information.
```

Based off of https://github.com/hackclub/jobs/blob/main/directory/education_engineer.md?plain=1#L3-L9
